# React 100 Days Coding Challange 🚀

## [Parcel - Bundler](https://parceljs.org/)

- Dev Build
- It creates Local Server (It host App to the server)
- HMR = Hot Module Replacement (It refreshes page automatically)
- File Watching Algorithm - written in C++
- Faster builds - Cashing
- Image Optimization
- Files Minifications
- Files Bundling
- Files Compression
- Error Handling
- Code Splitting
- Differential Bundling - support older browsers
- Tree Shaking - remove unused code
- Different dev and prod bundles

## NPM
NPM, which stands for Node Package Manager, is the default package manager for Node.js.
There is no any full form of NPM

Here are some common NPM commands:
1.  `npm install`: Installs dependencies listed in the `package.json` file.
2.  `npm install <package-name>`: Installs a specific package locally.
3.  `npm install -g <package-name>`: Installs a package globally.
4.  `npm init`: Initializes a new `package.json` file for your project.
5.  `npm update`: Updates dependencies to their latest versions based on the version constraints specified in the `package.json` file.
6.  `npm uninstall <package-name>`: Uninstalls a specific package.


### `package.json` 
It's a configuration file for the NPM.

###  `package-lock.json` 
The `package-lock.json` file is a file generated by npm (Node Package Manager) to provide version information for project dependencies. It helps ensure that the same versions of dependencies are installed on all machines and in different environments, improving consistency in project builds.

### Install React and React DOM
`npm install react react-dom`

### Install Parcel Bundler
`npm install --save-dev parcel` or `npm install -D parcel`
This command installs Parcel and adds it to the `devDependencies` section in your project's `package.json` file.

### Run Parcel to bundle and serve your project:
`parcel index.html`

### browserslist in `package.json`
Browserslist is a configuration file that allows you to specify which browsers your project should support.
`{ "browserslist": [ "last 2 versions", "> 1%", "IE 11" ] }`